I am Susanne Moreira, graduated as a lawyer in Brazil in 2009 and living in Germany since 2018. 

My professional experience starts during my studies, where I completed two trainees; there I <TRAINEE DETAILS>.

Immediately after graduating in 2010 I started working with my dad, who is also a layer, on our own legal office in my city; there I <DESCRIBE TASKS HERE> 

On the beginning of 2012, and wanting to grow professionally, I decided to move to Sao Paulo (largest city of Brazil and of South America) where I started to work as a Jr corporate lawyer in a company called La Postice: in this company I <DESCRIBE TASKS HERE>.

During my time in La Postice I realized I loved corporate law and also the need to urgently learn English if I wanted to be able to reach a professional international profile and fulfill my desire to work on a multinational company; since the quality of English schools In Brazil did not fulfill my expectations I decided to go on an English course in Australia where I moved in 2013. 

Since the day I arrived in Australia, I was looking for further personal and professional development opportunities, therefore after my English reached an excellent level I started two advanced diplomas in Management and Project Management in 2014 and 2015; getting management skills was an important goal for me since I consider those them important for a lawyer wanting to understand better the way a project develops from start to end.

In 2015 it was time to go back home to continue my professional career and after leaving Australia, I joined the legal team of the city council of Diadema, a satellite city of Sao Paulo. There I <DESCRIBE TASKS HERE>

Unfortunately due to ethical reasons I decided I could not work anymore with local politicians in the council I started to look for a new job, not only in Brazil but also in Colombia, where my husband (then boyfriend) was living. An interesting opportunity opened in Colombia as “business consultant” for a Technology company, something I saw as an interesting opportunity to practice and extend what I learned on my management diplomas and also to start in parallel validating my law degree, therefore I moved to Colombia in May 2017. There as business consultant I <INSERT GO DADDY HERE>   

However less than a year of being in Colombia my Husband got an excellent job opportunity in Germany and we moved together to Friedrichshafen mid 2018. After reaching an intermediate level of german, I decided I was ready to start working, and therefore I am here before you, looking to contribute with my experience and knowledge to the Procurement Contract’s department in Airbus Defence & Space.   
  
